Update licensing.md (#718)
seqeralabs/docs: fusion_docs/licensing.md

Fusion licensing requirements and free tier quotas will be enforced starting June 30th, 2025. [Contact Seqera](https://seqera.io/contact-us) with any questions or licensing requests.
:::

A Fusion license sets a specific quota for Fusion use, measured by total pipeline throughput per month (defined by [Nextflow’s I/O metrics](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/tutorials/metrics.html#i-o-usage)).

### For Seqera Cloud 

- Seqera Platform will automatically add and manage a Fusion license on your behalf, up to the allowed usage quota. Seqera will track Fusion use for all pipelines run in Platform.

> - By default, Seqera Cloud provides a monthly free tier for Fusion that allows up to 100TB of throughput.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By default, Seqera Cloud provides a monthly free tier for Fusion that allows up to 100 TB of throughput.
```

> - By default, there is a monthly recurring free tier of 100TB for use of Fusion with pipelines launched with Seqera Cloud.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By default, a monthly recurring free tier of Fusion provides 100 TB of throughput for pipelines launched with Seqera Cloud.
```
Suggestion only.
